Documentation for ElastiCache (#13133)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/database-access/reference/cli.mdx

| `--token` | Invitation token to register with the Auth Service. Default: none. |
| `--rds-discovery` | List of AWS regions the agent will discover for RDS/Aurora instances. |
| `--redshift-discovery` | List of AWS regions the agent will discover for Redshift instances. |

> | `--elasticache-discovery` | List of AWS regions the agent will discover for ElastiCache Redis clusters. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--elasticache-discovery` | List of AWS regions in which the agent will discover ElastiCache Redis clusters. |
```

Author: I've updated the original usage in the binary and updated the reference here.
